goals in art and design.

As a disclaimer, I really do not have any expertise in the realm of the liberal arts.  I am one that views dubstep
as fine music and think of cartoons as great as the works done by Michaelangelo.  Yes, I view the works of Skrillex as 
those that rival the works of Vivaldi and Bach.   I view Hatsune Miku as worthy of being placed everywhere, like the 
art in the Sistine Chapel.  I view furry art as great as the works of Cluade Monet, Picasso, and Frida Kahlo, and I have 
gotten into nerd fights concerning bronies, furries, and otaku, which usually consists of rap battles, or yelling "Leeroy Jenkins"
or illconcieved "...arrow to the knee" jokes.

As you can tell, this is supposed to be kinda crappy how-to, but I want to share somethings that I find interesting
about art students.  They seem adept at using technology and design methods, but do not seem to think they know anything
about engineering design!  Many art students know important tools in design, like modeling designs and stuff like that.

So for everyone not into the arts, for your future, consider trying to set goals for artistic design in everyday life.

I always, for example, wanted to create a Star Fox Krystal 3d model and make her dance to Renard Queenston's (David Remler)
Caramelldancin.  It is a dream that I have had, but unfortunately even though I really want to ( just like I want to cover
my room with Github, Foxhead, and Avatar posters and stickers ) I can't.  Something is blocking me, like the fact that I
do not really have a clue about where to begin.  I try googling examples of that blue vix (krystalarchives.com) but I really
can't find any Blender models that make sense.  

Mistake one:  looking for others designs without thinking of your own.

  many engineering students are used to googling code, or looking for examples on Github (glorious github), which is not
  good practice, because you want to design yourself.  So, I would save frustrations by actually designing my first Krystal
  model myself.
  
Mistake two:  failure.

  people are discouraged by failure.  I heard that everyone who accomplished something, failed many times before learning how
  to succeed.  So what if my first attempt at making those fine jaunty ears and that drool dripping mouth looks like something
  more from furaffinity?  It will break my heart that is why!  Learn from my strange experience sharing, because it is true.  
  Thinking that you will fail will cause some mental problems.  Time to hate on the Otaku...
  
These two mistakes are overcome by I guess like 90 percent of all artists.  They failed alot and they came up with their
own designs.  They are epically prepared for dealing with new designs.

So if you want to learn something. Set a goal, design it, fail at it, and then win.
